in this lesson we're going to explore
the functionality and usage of azure key
vault
now very often we're going to have some
application
that needs
a secret it needs maybe a password
maybe it needs some kind of shared
access signature or token to access some
other service maybe i need to go and
access some database something else
and we don't want to put those secrets
within our application code it's going
to get leaked it's not secure
i might need
keys i might need to store a private key
and perform cryptographic operations
then we have a whole set of web servers
and i'm using certificates so i need to
think about how do i distribute those
certificates how do i manage the life
cycle like renew them
so azure keyboard
is a service in azure that is designed
for exactly this
it supports three different types of
entity
so we have a secret
so a secret is something that i can both
read
and write
i.e it could be a password it could be
some
shared access signature but i can
add that secret to the key vault and i
can read it back out
then there's the idea of keys
now with a key i can generate it
i can import it so i could bring in an
existing
i can perform cryptographic actions
within the key vault
but i cannot export it i cannot get it
out
it lives within that key vault
and then i have to use it via the key
vault
then there's the idea of
certificates this is really all about
kind of the life cycle management
of those certificates
and also the distribution of them
now for some of these entities i have
the option of actually running this
azure key vault and the storage and
usage on top of hsms
so hsms are actual hardware security
modules designed for the storage and
safe keeping
of these types of entity that i want to
protect so these three different types
in terms of interacting with the key
vault you obviously it's an azure
resource so i have to authenticate to it
and then i can be given permission
to these now currently there's two
different types of authorization in
azure kevo
if we jump over and look at a key vault
what we can actually see
is
we have the old style so the old style
is when i look at my security we have an
access policy
and so an access policy is really just
about the idea i can add a certain user
and i can specify what permissions they
get
but it's for each of the three types but
it's not granular
i don't have the ability
to say well i get this permission to
read a specific secret
so i have the option of access policy
but it's not granular
it would be for everything of that type
within the vault
so in that model if i wanted people to
only have access to certain secrets i'd
have to put them in a different vault to
give them that set of permissions
or
i can use role-based access control
so in role-based access control that is
granular so i can think about hey i get
a great granularity
that i could have lots of secret or keys
or certificates in a single vote and
give different people access to
different secrets to different keys to
different certificates and perform
different actions
whereas access policy
it's really no granularity
it's just hey everything
within the vault of a certain type so
generally we're going to prefer that
role-based access control option and we
can see that so if i jump over to my
other keyboard
here if i look at my access policy i've
selected to use
azure role-based access control so i'm
not configuring any permissions here
i use the regular access control
and i do role assignments
and within here i can see things like
well there's a key vault administrator
but then i actually have different
permissions
on the actual different entities
themselves so at the key vault level
well i can't really see very much
because what i've done is i have
different secrets
and at an individual
secret levels if i select secret one
it has its own access control
and here we can see on this particular
secret hey clark kent
was given
the key vault reader role
and i can also see for a key vault
secrets user
hey bruce wayne actually has the ability
to use the secrets so this particular
secret bruce wayne can use but not clark
kent clark kent just says regular key
vault reader at the kind of the azure
resource manager level but doesn't have
access to the secret itself
if i looked at my other secret secret 2
looked at its access control
well then we'll see
hey this time
key vault secrets user
is clark kent so clark kent can read
this secret and not bruce wayne so we
get this really nice granularity
that we can do
now
one thing that's actually super common
is obviously i have to authenticate to
the keyboard in the first place i have a
chicken and egg problem i can't store
the password in the key vault that the
app's going to use to authenticate to
the keyboard
so a very common
combination of technologies is if this
was running in azure there's something
called managed identity
so managed identity is an identity that
is tied to
a particular instance of a compute
resource
and then what i could actually do as
part of this rbac for example or the
policy
i could give the apps managed identity
which is built in it's just available as
a token it can leverage
i would give that identity so app one's
managed identity some of these
permissions
so it's authenticated with its built-in
managed identity
and then it gets permissioned to
whatever its identity was given access
to
so that's really the idea
no azure key vault is also used by a lot
of azure functionality a lot of services
will let you bring your own key for
example to encrypt a storage account um
for a database encryption
when you bring your own key what it's
actually doing is it's that key is in
your key vault so you have management of
the key you can pick when to rotate it
when to revoke it
so if you do bring your own key what's
actually happening is
it's going to use azure key vault for
that so hey if i have the need for
secrets or keys or certificate
management in azure
i'm going to use azure keyboard